
------------------------------------------------------------- Introduction ------------------------------------------------------------- 

        Super-Nim is an advance version of Nim game developed in python. This game has a set of multiple heaps of sticks. This game is played between two players. Players can be Human, Artificial Intelligence and Random PC (Without AI). The players can add two heaps of different size, divide an even size heap into 2 heaps, apply “Collatz-Ulam” on an odd size heap. Dividing heap of size 2 will eliminate it by adding 2 scores to the current player. The game continues until all set of heaps is empty or the total number of turns are 100.
        
------------------------------------------------------------- Test Results -------------------------------------------------------------
 
 - Random vs AI
        I tested the game by choosing AI as a 1st player and random (PC) as 2nd player. The AI player gets 2 points at 5th turn. On very next turn Random also scored 2 points. Score ties till 17 turn the AI leads. The game didn’t end till 100 moves (last possible turn) and AI win with the total score “16” against Random (total score:2)
In another test, AI wins against Random with the final score (AI:12, Random:4)

 - Human vs AI
        AI again win in a match against a human player. AI scored 1st 4 point and final results were (Human:14, AI:20) at 100th turn
In another game, the match draws between the human player and AI at 100th turn. The result was (AI:12, Human:12).

---------------------------------------------------------------- Methods ---------------------------------------------------------------
 
 - get_input()
        Basically, fetching inputs from human player and handling exceptions in case input is not an integer.
        
 - init()
        This method is returning the player's type after fetching information from the human player and a random heap of size 3.
        
 - humanMove()
        This method is fetching instructions from human and modifying the heap according to inputs. A human can eliminate the heap of 2 and add 2 points in human player’s score in his/her score, add heap to another heap of different size, apply “Ulam” step on the odd heap and divide the even number into two heaps if possible. In the end, it calls “shift()” function to turn the move to 2nd player.
        
 - PCMove()
        The basic functionality of this method is to select the best move by using artificial intelligence technique “MiniMax” after getting all the possible moves by calling the method “succ()”. Before applying AI, this method check heap of number two and eliminate 2 by adding 2 points in AI player’s score to increase the performance of the game. In other case, this function call the method of “succ()” to get the all legal moves and then pass it to another method minimax(), which returns the best move and modify the heap according to it. Lastly, this method invokes another method “shift()” to change the turn of the players.
        
 - RandomMove()
        This method is to choose any legal move without using any AI technique.
        
 - move()
        “move()” invokes other methods “humanMove”, “RandomMove” or “PCMove” according to the player type defined in “init()” method for both players.
        
 - terminal()
        This method invokes at the end of the game to show the result.
        
 - utility()
        This method controls the game it clear the cache of method “succ()”, call “move()” and print heap.
        
 - shift()
        This method is defined to shift the turn between players.
        
 - printheap()
        This method gets heap as the parameter “state” and prints that heap on the console.
        
 - succ()
        This method use cache to increase the performance of the game. The main function of this method is to get the tree of all possible moves till a defined depth by the variable “lev” using recursion and yield the result.
        
 - Minimax()
        This method gets the tree of possible moves generated by method “succ” to get the best legal move(). Firstly, it saves the original heaps of 1st level children of the main heap then get the highest score from relative children moves after that is choose the heap having the highest score of the current player and the lowest score of the opponent and return that heap by matching index from original heap’s list.
        
---------------------------------------------------------------- Summary ---------------------------------------------------------------
        
        This game is an advance version of Nim game developed in python using Minimax Technique for Artificial Intelligence. This game played with two players to enhance the performance of game the successor's tree is cut on a defined level of subtrees and if next move gives points then AI choose that move without calculating successors. Test Result shows that AI wins against Random PC player with a great margin while against a human the AI wins the game or sometimes the game draw.
